Scott you don't have a mean look through
you got some beautiful are you gonna
roll that out roll it out yeah Taylor
are you gonna be a mess riding in my car
on the way home still fake I would not
oh I'm wrestling here not you you got
too much weight over me anything it's
that huh and Michael you know what
happens when you win when you win my 16
she raised to 2 30 know he'll fight when
you win he's gonna go we should have won
your boy you Russell the girl all right
aunt that you Russell I wouldn't want to
hurt my Michael oh yes I would never
hurt my Michael why would I wrestle
antha that's right because he'd win it
might mordion toss me out slam your head
right now ready that uh coachman oh yeah
if I had how many dollars i'd be rich I
could do I don't know what you up come
on Russell Micah Oh she'd love to but
she doesn't want to wind just got not a
functor just don't ya no low blows that
we wrestle no logo ya know one of those
little poncho is no kicking no I stick
oh look at we have the first time in the
head would wondering your games got a
helmet on did me oh yeah that's not why
they helmet on
didn't have no longer oh it's mel dark
why are with your helmet it's only the
guys the guys you can hit each other
with the second soft delicate and Rory I
saw this kid running on a stick and just
beat him with this day going all right
come on go roll it out we're doing this
beating on the back with a stick and
he's just running leave it alone Taylor
Michael you feel like you're a man its
Peter no but she's in jail like a woman
if you beat him she's jolly demanded my
vehicle if not i can tell you say no I'm
gonna feel like one badass woman like me
I'm competitive them challenge hell out
of water in there what what do you want
to be competitive service Russell yeah I
just said let's go get the mat out me
and you me and you okay you have like
200 you have yeah everything now that's
a big weight yeah be ruined when yeah I
know but when you wrestle you wrestling
awake all right what do you want to do
this Russell mi I know I'm saying jeez
when you react yeah when you've like
whip them all day and you finally we'll
beat them please be exhausted 4162 I got
it how would you thank you for that is
really on mm-hmm lets you control
baseball I want ice cream ready
I think we should go on the boat and do
the better dime wow you got a frog i'm
racing you're gonna rock i don't run